[NUI] Add Widget documents (#1052)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/guides/nui/widget.md

# NUI Widget Application

NUIWidgetApplication helps you to create light Tizen .NET applications on the home screen.

**Figure: NUI widget application**

![NUI widget application](./media/dali_widget_application.png)

The main features of NUIWidgetApplication include:

- Creating widget applications

  You can [create a NUI widget application](#create-a-nui-widget-application), which usually is composed of one process having the main loop. The NUIWidgetApplication framework enables you to create a widget instance that shares the same resources within the process. The widget application can also share data with other applications.

- Managing widget instances

  Whenever a widget instance is requested, the framework creates one.
  You can manage the widget instances by updating or destroying them, or by retrieving information about them.

- Managing life-cycle

>   You can manage the [life-cycle of widget instances](https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/guides/applications/widget-app#instance) through callback methods that are triggered as the instance states are changed.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho, 
Sure. Thank you.

| `OnResume()`       | This function is called when the widget is visible.                                           |
| `OnResize()`       | This function is called before the widget size is changed.                                    |
| `OnUpdate()`       | This function is called when an event for updating the widget is received.                    |
| `SetContentInfo()` | This function sends data about current state of widget instance to a widget viewer application. If you want to save the current state of widget before deleting it, you can save it to the current status using `SetContentInfo()`.|

Most of functions are used for managing widget instance life-cycle.

## Create a NUI Widget Application

If you want to use NUI for your widget application, you must create the application with [NUI Widget Application](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.NUIWidgetApplication.html) class. 

To create a NUI widget application:
1. To use the methods and properties of [Tizen.NUI](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.html) namespace, include the following code:

   ```csharp
   using Tizen.NUI;

>    ```

Reviewer 2: @surbhig12 If I miss something, please add it with your comment.

If you want to move this page to guide/applications,

1. please add  "Prerequisites" section as below.

---

## Prerequisites

To enable your application to use the NUI widget functionality:

1. To use the methods and properties of [Tizen.NUI](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.html) namespace, include it in your application:

   ```csharp
   using Tizen.NUI;
   ```

## Create a NUI Widget Application

If you want to use NUI for your widget application, you must create the application with [NUI Widget Application](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.NUIWidgetApplication.html) class. 

1. Define your widget application class, which is inherited from [NUIWidgetApplication](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.NUIWidgetApplication.html) class:

   ```csharp
   class Program : NUIWidgetApplication
   ```
...

---

2. Also, applications/overview.md should be updated to add a link and description about widget.md.
   Enhancing "A widget is used to create light Tizen .NET applications on the home screen." used in /ui-components.md would work.

3. toc_all.md must be updated also to show the new location.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho, thank you for pointing this out.

@tscholb,

Request you to please update the page as suggested by @mijin85cho.

Please see other guides for reference: https://docs.tizen.org/application/dotnet/guides/applications/watch-app/

The `Widget` class provides interface for creating custom widget.
The following table lists the main functions to manage the widget instance:

**Table: Main functions**
| Function           | Description                                                                                   |
|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `OnCreate()`       | This function is called after the widget instance is created.                                 |
| `OnTerminate()`    | This function is called after the widget instance is terminated.                              |
| `OnPause()`        | This function is called when the widget is invisible.                                         |
| `OnResume()`       | This function is called when the widget is visible.                                           |
| `OnResize()`       | This function is called before the widget size is changed.                                    |
| `OnUpdate()`       | This function is called when an event for updating the widget is received.                    |

> | `SetContentInfo()` | This function sends data about current state of widget instance to a widget viewer application. If you want to save the current state of widget before deleting it, you can save it to the current status using `SetContentInfo()`.|

Reviewer: @tscholb,

Please respond to the query:

https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1052#discussion_r400615349

Reviewer 2: We got confirmation from @tscholb about this update.

https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1052#discussion_r441972273

> i thought"save" is better, so i changed it.

Thank you both for checking and confirmation.

![NUI widget flow](./media/csharp_widgetapplication.png)

The `Widget` class provides interface for creating custom widget.
The following table lists the main functions to manage the widget instance:

**Table: Main functions**
| Function           | Description                                                                                   |
|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `OnCreate()`       | This function is called after the widget instance is created.                                 |
| `OnTerminate()`    | This function is called after the widget instance is terminated.                              |
| `OnPause()`        | This function is called when the widget is invisible.                                         |
| `OnResume()`       | This function is called when the widget is visible.                                           |
| `OnResize()`       | This function is called before the widget size is changed.                                    |
| `OnUpdate()`       | This function is called when an event for updating the widget is received.                    |

> | `SetContentInfo()` | This function sends data about current state of widget instance to a widget viewer application. If you want to save the current state of widget before deleting it, you can save it to the current status using SetContentInfo().|

Author: i thought"save" is better, so i changed it.

    Initialize resources for this widget instance and draw the content on the screen.

    The widget UI is drawn in the `OnCreate()` callback of your widget class:

    ```csharp
    protected override void OnCreate(string contentInfo, Window window)
    {
        View rootView = new View();
        rootView.BackgroundColor = Color.White;
        rootView.Size2D = window.Size;
        rootView.PivotPoint = PivotPoint.Center;
        window.GetDefaultLayer().Add(rootView);

        TextLabel sampleLabel = new TextLabel("Hello World!");
        sampleLabel.FontFamily = "SamsungOneUI 500";
        sampleLabel.PointSize = 71;
        sampleLabel.TextColor = Color.Black;
        sampleLabel.SizeWidth = 200;
        sampleLabel.PivotPoint = PivotPoint.Center;

        rootView.Add(sampleLabel);
    }
    ```

## Create a NUI Widget View

If necessary, you can create a Widget Viewer that shows UI drawn by Widget.

To create a nui widget view:
1. Add privileges for viewer to `tizen-manifest.xml`:

  ```XML
    <privileges>
      <privilege>http://tizen.org/privilege/widget.viewer</privilege>
      <privilege>http://tizen.org/privilege/appmanager.launch</privilege>
    </privileges>
  ```

> 2. Create widget manager and request add widget to widget manager

Reviewer 2: Please add a period at the end of the sentence.
```suggestion
2. Create widget manager and request add widget to widget manager.
```

# NUI Widget Application

[NUIWidgetApplication](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.NUIWidgetApplication.html) helps you to create light Tizen .NET applications on the home screen.

**Figure: NUI widget application**

![NUI widget application](./media/dali_widget_application.png)

The main features of NUIWidgetApplication include:

- Creating widget applications

  You can [create a NUI widget application](#create-a-nui-widget-application), which usually is composed of one process having the main loop. The NUIWidgetApplication framework enables you to create a widget instance that shares the same resources within the process. The widget application can also share data with other applications.

- Managing widget instances

  Whenever a widget instance is requested, the framework creates one.
  You can manage the widget instances by updating or destroying them, or by retrieving information about them.

> - Managing the life-cycle

Reviewer: Please remove article "the"

```suggestion
- Managing life-cycle
```

![NUI widget flow](./media/WidgetInstanceFlow.png)

The `Widget` class provides interface for creating custom widget.

The following table lists the main functions to manage the widget instance:

**Table: Main functions**
| Function           | Description                                                                                   |
|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `OnCreate()`       | This function is called after the widget instance is created.                                 |
| `OnTerminate()`    | This function is called after the widget instance is terminated.                              |
| `OnPause()`        | This function is called when the widget is invisible.                                         |
| `OnResume()`       | This function is called when the widget is visible.                                           |
| `OnResize()`       | This function is called before the widget size is changed.                                    |
| `OnUpdate()`       | This function is called when an event for updating the widget is received.                    |

> | `SetContentInfo()` | This function sends data about current state of widget instance to a widget viewer application. If you want to save the current state of widget before deleting it, you can transmit the current status to the viewer using SetContentInfo().|

Reviewer: @tscholb,

Please clarify: https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1052#discussion_r400615349

Most of functions are used for managing widget instance life-cycle.

## Create a NUI Widget Application

If you want to use NUI for your widget application, you must create the application with [NUI Widget Application](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.NUIWidgetApplication.html) class. 

To create a NUI widget application:
1. To use the methods and properties of [Tizen.NUI](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.html) namespace, include the following code:

   ```csharp
   using Tizen.NUI;
   ```

2. Define your widget application class, which is inherited from [NUIWidgetApplication](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.NUIWidgetApplication.html) class:

   ```csharp
   class Program : NUIWidgetApplication
   ```

> 3. The widget application starts with `Main()` function, which creates and initializes the application.`Run()` method of [NUIWidgetApplication](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.NUIWidgetApplication.html) class is used to start the application event-loop.

Reviewer: Please avoid using the word "function":

Please refer https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/988#discussion_r363610972

> Please avoid using the word function:

3. The widget application starts with \`Main()\`, which creates and initializes the application. The \`Run()\` method of the \[NUIWidgetApplication](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.NUIWidgetApplication.html) class is used to start the application event loop.

Reference: https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1052#discussion_r400614702

   `NUIWidgetApplication` class provides two kinds of constructors:
   - For using the `NUIWidgetApplication(Type type)` constructor, in case the widget application's ID is the same as the application ID.
      ```csharp
        static void Main(string[] args)
        {
            var app = new Program(typeof(MyWidget));
            app.Run(args);
        }    
      ```

>    - For using `NUIWidgetApplication(Dictionary< Type, string > typeInfo) ` constructor, in case that your widget applications has multiple widget classes.

Reviewer: @tscholb, suggest rephrasing to:

```suggestion
 - For using the `NUIWidgetApplication(Dictionary< Type, string > typeInfo) ` constructor, in case your widget applications have multiple widget classes.
```

Reference: https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1052#discussion_r397356816

      For multiple instances, add `<widget-class>` in XML as follow:
        ```XML
          <widget-class classid="second" update-period="0">
            <support-size preview="Widget.png">2x2</support-size>
          </widget-class>
        ```

>       You can then modify code as follows:

Reviewer: Please add article "the"  before code:
```suggestion
You can then modify the code as follows:
``

Reference: https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1052#discussion_r397362235

        ```csharp
        static void Main(string[] args)
        {
           Dictionary<System.Type, string> widgetSet = new Dictionary<Type, string>();
            widgetSet.Add(typeof(MyWidget), "second@org.tizen.example.WidgetTemplate");
            var app = new Program(widgetSet);
            app.Run(args);
        }    
        ```

4. Define your widget class, which is inherited from [Widget](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.Widget.html):

   ```csharp
   class MyWidget : Widget
   ```

   

5. Override event callback methods of your new class:
    ```csharp
    class MyWidget : Tizen.NUI.Widget
    {
      protected override void OnCreate(string contentInfo, Window window)
      {
        /// Create the UI
        /// ....
        base.OnCreate(contentInfo, window);
      }
    }
    ```

   `Widget` class provides the following callback:

    - `OnCreate()` callback is triggered when the widget instance is created.

>       Initialize resources for this widget instance and draw the content on the screen.

Reviewer: Please verify theearlier comment:

https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1052#discussion_r399954998

    - `OnTerminate()` callback is triggered when the widget instance is terminated.

      ```csharp
      protected override void OnTerminate(string contentInfo, TerminationType type)
      ```

    - `OnPause()` callback is triggered when the widget instance is paused.

      Your application does the necessary actions when the widget instance becomes invisible because the Application framework can destroy a paused widget instance, for instance, such as the case that memory is lacked.

      ```csharp
      protected override void OnPause()
      ```

    - `OnResume()` callback is triggered when the widget instance is resumed.

      Your application does the necessary actions when the widget instance becomes visible.

      ```csharp
      protected override void OnResume()
      ```

    - `OnResize()` callback is triggered when the widget instance is resized.

      Your application does the necessary actions to accommodate the new size.

      ```csharp
      protected override void OnResize(Window window)
      ```

    - `OnUpdate()` callback is triggered when a widget update event is received.

>       Your application does the necessary actions for the widget update. If the <code>isForce</code> parameter is true, the widget can be updated even in the pause state.

Reviewer: Please use MArkdown tag and not HTML tag for code

      ```

6. Drawing the Widget UI in `OnCreate()`:

    The widget UI is drawn in the `OnCreate()` callback of your widget class:

    ```csharp
    protected override void OnCreate(string contentInfo, Window window)
    {
        View rootView = new View();
        rootView.BackgroundColor = Color.White;
        rootView.Size2D = window.Size;
        rootView.PivotPoint = PivotPoint.Center;
        window.GetDefaultLayer().Add(rootView);

        TextLabel sampleLabel = new TextLabel("Hello World!");
        sampleLabel.FontFamily = "SamsungOneUI 500";
        sampleLabel.PointSize = 71;
        sampleLabel.TextColor = Color.Black;
        sampleLabel.SizeWidth = 200;
        sampleLabel.PivotPoint = PivotPoint.Center;

        rootView.Add(sampleLabel);
    }
    ```

## Create a NUI Widget View

If necessary, you can create a Widget Viewer that shows UI drawn by Widget.

To create a nui widget view:
1. Add privileges for viewer to `tizen-manifest.xml`:

  ```XML
    <privileges>
      <privilege>http://tizen.org/privilege/widget.viewer</privilege>
      <privilege>http://tizen.org/privilege/appmanager.launch</privilege>
    </privileges>

>   ```

Author: i think user need to select two type constructor,  so i added two sample.  is there a better way?

>   ```

Reviewer 2: @tscholb I think this comment is replying to the above comment, https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1052#discussion_r435738304.

If you think adding these two samples is the best way, as I commented, we can keep the current state.

In the [previous comment](https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/988#discussion_r363594976), showing only one example is suggested by the reviewer as most of the codes are same, 
but it seems that this small difference is driven from the constructor type.

I'm also thinking about how to show the usage of two type constructors in one sample code, but it seems to have risk of confusion.

 [**previous comment**](https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/988#discussion_r363594976) : 

---
By the way, the code snippet is the same except values, myWidgetView and myWidgetVie1.

As I understand, the following paragraph is better:

```
2. Create a widget manager and request for adding a widget to the widget manager.
    You can create a widget manager in `onCreate()` method:
     ```csharp
     protected override void OnCreate()
     {
           WidgetViewManager widgetViewManager = new WidgetViewManager(this, this.ApplicationInfo.ApplicationId);
          WidgetView myWidgetView = widgetViewManager.AddWidget("org.tizen.example.Widget", encodedBundle, width, height, 0);
          Window.Instance.GetDefaultLayer().Add(myWidgetView);
          ...  
      }
```

# NUI Widget Application

[NUIWidgetApplication](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.NUIWidgetApplication.html) helps you to create Tizen.NET widget applications, which are small versions of Tizen.NET applications on the home screen.

> You can launch these applications on the home screen when you select them in the **Add Widget** menu.

Reviewer 2: @tscholb I think this sentence is also requested to be re-checked.

https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/988#discussion_r365080085

> "You can launch these applications on the home screen when you select them in the Add Widget menu." is not suitable for this guide because your rephase assumes "Add Widget" menu on the home screen.

Would you please elaborate it?

**Figure: NUI widget application**

![NUI widget application](./media/dali_widget_application.png)

The main features of NUIWidgetApplication include:

- Create widget applications

  You can [create a NUI widget application](#create-a-nui-widget-application), which usually is composed of one process having the main loop. The NUIWidgetApplication framework enables you to create a widget instance that shares the same resources within the process. The widget application can also share data with other applications.

- Manage widget instances

  Whenever a widget instance is requested, the framework creates one.
  You can manage the widget instances by updating or destroying them, or by retrieving information about them.

- Manage the life-cycle

>   You can manage the life-cycle of widget instances through callback methods that are triggered as the instance states are changed.

Reviewer: Please incorporate this comment.

>   You can manage the life-cycle of widget instances through callback methods that are triggered as the instance states are changed.

Reviewer: @tscholb,

Please incorporate this comment.

https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1052/files#r397340362

> [!NOTE]
>
>The case to use many widget instances in one widget application is known as multi-instance. In some devices, the multi-instance may not be supported. If a device does not support multi-instance, an error message is displayed.

[`WidgetView`](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.WidgetView.html) shows the contents drawn by [`Widget`](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.Widget.html) on the screen.

To sum up, you [create a NUI WidgetApplication](#create-a-nui-widget-application), [create a NUI WidgetView](#create-a-nui-widget-view), and use Widget to view layout on the screen.

## Instance States and Events
The following figure illustrates the widget instance states during the instance life-cycle:

**Figure: NUI widget flow**

![NUI widget flow](./media/WidgetInstanceFlow.png)

The `Widget` class provides interface for creating custom widget.

The following table lists the main functions to manage the widget instance:

> **Table: Main functions**

Reviewer: @tscholb,

Please remove line 57.

> **Table: Main functions**

Reviewer: A gentle reminder

|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `OnCreate()`       | This function is called after the widget instance is created.                                 |
| `OnTerminate()`    | This function is called after the widget instance is terminated.                              |
| `OnPause()`        | This function is called when the widget is invisible.                                         |
| `OnResume()`       | This function is called when the widget is visible.                                           |
| `OnResize()`       | This function is called before the widget size is changed.                                    |
| `OnUpdate()`       | This function is called when an event for updating the widget is received.                    |
| `SetContentInfo()` | This function sends data about current state of widget instance to a widget viewer application. |

Most of functions are used for managing widget instance life-cycle. You can describe what will be done on each lifecycle functions.

> Widget instance can send data to widget viewer application using `SetContentInfo()` function. If you want to save the current state of widget before deleting it, you can transmit the current status to the viewer using `SetContentInfo()`.

Author: i think "save it" is better

## Create a NUI Widget Application

If you want to use NUI for your widget application, you must create the application with the [NUI Widget Application](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.NUIWidgetApplication.html) class. 

To create a NUI widget application:
1. To use the methods and properties of the [Tizen.NUI](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.html) namespace, include the following code:

   ```csharp
   using Tizen.NUI;
   ```

2. Define your widget application class, which is inherited from the [NUIWidgetApplication](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.NUIWidgetApplication.html) class:

   ```csharp
   class Program : NUIWidgetApplication
   ```
3. The widget application starts with the `Main()` function, which creates and initializes the application. The `Run()` method of the [NUIWidgetApplication](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.NUIWidgetApplication.html) class is used to start the application event-loop.

   The `NUIWidgetApplication` class provides two kinds of constructors:

>    - For using the `NUIWidgetApplication(Type type)` constructor, in case that widget application's ID is the same as the application ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For using the `NUIWidgetApplication(Type type)` constructor, in case the widget application's ID is the same as the application ID.

      ```csharp
        static void Main(string[] args)
        {
            var app = new program(typeof(MyWidget));
            app.Run(args);
        }    
      ```

>    - For using the `NUIWidgetApplication(Dictionary< Type, string > typeInfo) ` constructor, in case that your widget applications has multiple widget classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - For using the `NUIWidgetApplication(Dictionary< Type, string > typeInfo) ` constructor, in case your widget applications have multiple widget classes.
```

      For multiple instances, add `<widget-class>` in XML as follow:
        ```XML
          <widget-class classid="second" update-period="0">
            <support-size preview="Widget.png">2x2</support-size>
          </widget-class>
        ```

>       And then edit code as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then modify the code as follows:
```

        ```csharp
        static void Main(string[] args)
        {
           Dictionary<System.Type, string> widgetSet = new Dictionary<Type, string>();
            widgetSet.Add(typeof(MyWidget), "second@org.tizen.example.WidgetTemplate");
            var app = new Program(widgetSet);
            app.Run(args);
        }    
        ```

> 4. Define your widget class, which is inherited from [Widget](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.Widget.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Define your widget class, which is inherited from [Widget](https://samsung.github.io/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.Widget.html):
```

   ```csharp
   class MyWidget : Widget
   ```

   

5. Overide event callback methods of your new class:
    ```csharp
    class MyWidget : Tizen.NUI.Widget
    {
      protected override void OnCreate(string contentInfo, Window window)
      {
        /// Create the UI
        /// ....
        base.OnCreate(contentInfo, window);
      }
    }
    ```

>     The `Widget` class provies the following callback:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Widget` class provides the following callback:
```

    - The `OnCreate()` callback is triggered when the      widget instance is created.

>       Initialize resources for this widget instance and draw wldthe UI.

Reviewer: Please verify "draw wldthe UI."

    - The `OnTerminate()` callback is triggered when the widget instance is terminated.

      ```csharp
      protected override void OnTerminate(string contentInfo, TerminationType type)
      ```

    - The `OnPause()` callback is triggered when the widget instance is paused.

      Take the necessary actions when the widget instance becomes invisible. The framework can destroy a paused widget instance.
      Initialize resources for this widget instance and draw the content on the screen.

      ```csharp
      protected override void OnPause()
      ```

    - The `OnResume()` callback is triggered when the widget instance is resumed.

      Take the necessary actions when the widget instance becomes visible.

      ```csharp
      protected override void OnResume()

>       ```

Reviewer: @tscholb,

Please incorporate this comment:

https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1052/files#r405280785

    - The `OnResize()` callback is triggered when the widget instance is resized.

      Take the necessary actions to accommodate the new size.
      ```csharp
      protected override void OnResize(Window window)
      ```

    - The `OnUpdate()` callback is triggered when a widget update event is received. 

      Take the necessary actions for the widget update. If the isForce parameter is true, the widget can be updated even in the pause state.
      ```csharp
      protected override void OnUpdate(string contentInfo, int isForce)
      ```

> 6. Drawing the Widget UI in OnCreate()

Reviewer: Please add a period at the end of the sentence:

```suggestion
6. Drawing the Widget UI in `OnCreate()`.
```

    The widget UI is drawn in the `OnCreate()` callback of your widget class:

    ```csharp
    protected override void OnCreate(string contentInfo, Window window)
    {
        View rootView = new View();
        rootView.BackgroundColor = Color.White;
        rootView.Size2D = window.Size;
        rootView.PivotPoint = PivotPoint.Center;
        window.GetDefaultLayer().Add(rootView);

        TextLabel sampleLabel = new TextLabel("Hello World!");
        sampleLabel.FontFamily = "SamsungOneUI 500";
        sampleLabel.PointSize = 71;
        sampleLabel.TextColor = Color.Black;
        sampleLabel.SizeWidth = 200;
        sampleLabel.PivotPoint = PivotPoint.Center;

        rootView.Add(sampleLabel);
    }
    ```

## Create a NUI Widget View

If necessary, you can create a Widget Viewer that shows UI drawn by Widget

The steps to create a nui widget view:<br>
1. Add privileges for viewer to `tizen-manifest.xml`:

  ```XML
    <privileges>
      <privilege>http://tizen.org/privilege/widget.viewer</privilege>
      <privilege>http://tizen.org/privilege/appmanager.launch</privilege>
    </privileges>
  ```

> 2. Create widget manager and request add widget to widget manager

Reviewer: @tscholb,
Request you to please incorporate the suggestion given by @journey2w:
https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/988#discussion_r363594976
